plugin Development:README:Make it more easily to read (#507)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: plugin-development/README.md

# Plugin Development

> ## Overview
> With fluentd, you can install and create custom plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview

With fluentd, you can install and create custom plugins.
```

| `buf` | buffer |
| `sd` | service discovery |

## Installing Custom Plugins

> To install a plugin, put the Ruby script in `/etc/fluent/plugin` directory.(The file name need to `TYPE` prefix.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a plugin, put the Ruby script in `/etc/fluent/plugin` directory. (The file name needs to have the `TYPE` prefix.)
```
